Husband, what the hell is going on?
Wife me
I also want the temporary group to have a new starting point
You can't blame me, can you?
How come?
I've been wanting to
The position of president of the group is handed over to you
Thank you wife
Did you hear it?
Don't waste your time.
Start signing up
Since the divorce agreement I signed is invalid
Then the equity transfer letter I signed
It probably doesn't count
What do you mean?
Chen Shixian Lin's Group is still owned by Lin Mo
And you still have nothing
You -- you transfer in front of everybody.
I still want to deny it
That Chen Shixian
Don't you also say you want a divorce in front of everyone?
It's obvious
Chen Shixian's 100 billion contract belongs only to Lin's Group
With you
It doesn't matter for half a dime.